ppx: add to_json_string,of_json_string,json_string derivers (#30)
melange-community/melange-json: README.md

(* "bbb" *)
```

#### `[@@deriving json_string]`: a shortcut for JSON string conversion

For convenience, one can use `[@@deriving json_string]` to generate converters
directly to and from JSON strings:

```ocaml

> type t = A [@@deriving json, json_string]

Reviewer: Is it necessary to add `json` whenever `json_string` is used? Otherwise, does it make sense to remove it from this example?

Author: Yes, it's necessary, the `json_string` deriver depends on `json`. If one omits it then they will see an error message stating such.

> type t = A [@@deriving json, json_string]
> 
> let "\"A\"" = to_json_string A
> let A = of_json_string "\"A\""

Reviewer: This snippet is a bit strange because of the escaped strings and the `let A` which makes it not valid OCaml. Maybe this?

```suggestion
type t = A [@@deriving json, json_string]

let json_str = to_json_string A (* "A" *)
let v = of_json_string "\"A\"" (* A *)
```

Author: it's a valid OCaml, though in case of string the match is not exhaustive.

```

Similarly, there's `[@@deriving to_json_string]` and `[@@deriving

> of_json_string]` to generate only one of the converters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of_json_string]` to generate the converters separately.
```

small nit, since you can still generate both converters if you use both `{to,of}_json_string`
